CSS Assignment
Module(CSS_CSS 3)-2 

1. What are the benefits of using CSS?
Ans. There are a number of benefits of CSS, including:
     1) Faster Page Speed. More code means slower page speed.
     2) Better User Experience. CSS not only makes web pages easy on the eye, 
        it also allows for user-friendly formatting.
     3) Quicker Development Time.
     4) Easy Formatting Changes.
     5) Compatibility Across Devices.

2. What are the disadvantages of CSS?  
Ans. Disadvantages of CSS
     Confusion due to many CSS levels. Beginners are more vulnerable to this issue.
     Cross-Browser Issues. Different browsers work differently.
     Security Issues. Security is important in today's world driven by technology and data.
     Extra Work for Developers.

3. What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?
Ans. Unlike CSS2, which was comprised of a single document, 
     CSS3 has its specifications divided into many individual modules, which makes CSS3 a whole lot easier to handle.
 
4. Name a few CSS style components
Ans. At its most basic level, CSS consists of two components:
     Properties: These are human-readable identifiers that indicate which stylistic features you want to modify. 
     For example, font-size , width , background-color.
     Values: Each property is assigned a value. This value indicates how to style the property.

5. What do you understand by CSS opacity?
Ans. The opacity CSS property sets the opacity of an element. 
     Opacity is the degree to which content behind an element is hidden, and is the opposite of transparency.

6. How can the background color of an element be changed?
Ans. use the CSS background and background-color property.

7. How can image repetition of the backup be controlled?
Ans. use the background-repeat property. You can use no-repeat value for the background-repeat property.

8. What is the use of the background-position property?
Ans. The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image. 
     Tip: By default, a background-image is placed at the top-left corner of an element, and repeated both vertically and horizontally.

9. which property controls the image scroll in the background? 
Ans. The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.

10. Why should background and color be used as separate properties?
Ans. There are two reasons behind this: It enhances the legibility of style sheets. 
     The background property is a complex property in CSS, and if it is combined with color, the complexity will further increase.

11. How to center block elements using CSS1?
Ans. So for centering the element you must set left-margin to auto and right-margin to auto.
     Exp:- Margin: 100px Auto;

12. How to maintain the CSS specifications?
Ans. CSS specifications are maintained by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C).

13. What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?
Ans. CSS can be added to HTML documents in 3 ways:
     Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements.
     Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section.
     External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file.

14. What is embedded style sheets?
Ans. Embedded style sheets allow you to define styles for the whole HTML document in one place. 
     Embedded style sheets refer to when you embed style sheet information into an HTML document using the <style> element. 
     You do this by embedding the style sheet information within <style></style> tags in the head of your document.

15. What are the external style sheets?
Ans. a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage. 
     Multiple webpages can use the same link to access the stylesheet.

16. What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?
Ans. one change to the style sheet will change all linked pages
     you can create classes of styles that can then be used on many different HTML elements
     consistent look and feel across multiple web pages
     improved load times because the css file is downloaded once and applied to each relevant page as needed

17. What is the meaning of the CSS selector?
Ans. A CSS selector is the first part of a CSS Rule. It is a pattern of elements and other terms 
     that tell the browser which HTML elements should be selected to have the CSS property values inside the rule applied to them.

18. What are the media types allowed by CSS?
Ans. continuous or paged.
     visual, audio, speech, or tactile.
     grid (for character grid devices), or bitmap.
     interactive (for devices that allow user interaction), or static (for those that do not).
     all (includes all media types)

19. What is the rule set?
Ans. contains one or more selectors and one or more declarations. 


